# ud-sql tournament
Tournament.

What is it?
--------------
This is a database schema to store game matches between players


What do i need to run it?
--------------
You will need the following.. 
    * the latest version of python 2.7 available at www.python.org.
    * your favorite command line tool.
    * Vagrant VM available at https://www.vagrantup.com/
    * VirtualBox available at https://www.virtualbox.org/

How do i run this?
--------------
once everything is installed - 
    * you need to start the server using vagrant up command.
    * start sharing with vagrant ssh command.
    * start the psql (which is included in the server) and run \i tournament.sql to start the database
        * note: every time you run this it will drop an existing database if it exists.
    * to test run python tournament_test.py 



Version:
--------------
This is an initial 1.0

What is included?
--------------
* a README.md file for your convenience
* a tournament_test.py file to test the schema
* a tournament.py file where all of the action takes place.
* a tournament.sql file which is ran with the psql using \i commant in psql;
    * example: \i tournament.sql 
    * which will set up the database.
note:
    .pyc files are generated by python. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2998215/if-python-is-interpreted-what-are-pyc-files

Copyright and license
-------------
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 Thomas L.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.# tournamentsql
